.TH "Queue" 3 "18 Dec 2009" "Version 1.0" "BDLIB" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Queue \- A FIFO \fBQueue\fP, what else!  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Queue.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBList< T >\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef QueueIterator< T > \fBiterator\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef QueueConstIterator< T > \fBconst_iterator\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef T \fBvalue_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef size_t \fBsize_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef ptrdiff_t \fBdifference_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef value_type * \fBpointer\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef const value_type * \fBconst_pointer\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef value_type & \fBreference\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef const value_type & \fBconst_reference\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef T \fBiterator_type\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "value_type \fBdequeue\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDequeue an element from the tail. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const_iterator \fBfront\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the first element, but don't dequeue it. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBenqueue\fP (const_reference item)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "iterator \fBbegin\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "iterator \fBend\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const_iterator \fBbegin\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const_iterator \fBend\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclear\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBsize\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisEmpty\fP () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinsert\fP (const iterator_type &ptr)"
.br
.RI "\fIInsert into the list at the head. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBcontains\fP (const iterator_type &ptr) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const iterator_type \fBfind\fP (const iterator_type &ptr) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "iterator_type & \fBfindRef\fP (const iterator_type &ptr)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn a reference to the found element. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBremove\fP (const iterator_type &ptr)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdeleteNode\fP (Node *node)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "Node * \fBhead\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Node * \fBtail\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBmy_size\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBQueueIterator< T >\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBQueueConstIterator< T >\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQueue\fP< value_type > & \fBoperator>>\fP (\fBQueue\fP< value_type > &queue, reference item)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQueue\fP< value_type > & \fBoperator<<\fP (\fBQueue\fP< value_type > &queue, const_reference item)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBList\fP< iterator_type > & \fBoperator<<\fP (\fBList\fP< iterator_type > &list, const iterator_type &item)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class T> class Queue< T >"
A FIFO \fBQueue\fP, what else! 
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file Queue.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void \fBList\fP< T  >::insert (const iterator_type & ptr)\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Insert into the list at the head. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIptr\fP The ptr to insert 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented in \fBSortedList< T >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 108 of file List.h.
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBList\fP<iterator_type>& operator<< (\fBList\fP< iterator_type > & list, const iterator_type & item)\fC [friend, inherited]\fP"
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBinsert\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 123 of file List.h.
.SS "template<class T > \fBQueue\fP<value_type>& operator<< (\fBQueue\fP< value_type > & queue, const_reference item)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
push 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 99 of file Queue.h.
.SS "template<class T > \fBQueue\fP<value_type>& operator>> (\fBQueue\fP< value_type > & queue, reference item)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBdequeue\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 74 of file Queue.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for BDLIB from the source code.
