.TH "Stream" 3 "18 Dec 2009" "Version 1.0" "BDLIB" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Stream \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Stream.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBcapacity\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclear\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBString\fP \fBgetline\fP (size_t maxSize=99999999)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBString\fP \fBgets\fP (size_t maxSize, char delim=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBlength\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBloadFile\fP (const char *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBloadFile\fP (const int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBoperator String\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator!\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBputs\fP (const \fBString\fP &string)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBReserve\fP (const size_t) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBseek\fP (int, int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBStream\fP (const int newSize)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBStream\fP (const \fBString\fP &string)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBStream\fP (const \fBStream\fP &stream)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBStream\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBtell\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the position of the \fBStream\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBtruncate\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fITruncates the stream at the current position. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBwriteFile\fP (const char *, mode_t mode=(S_IRUSR|S_IWUSR)) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBwriteFile\fP (const int) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Stream\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBloading\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBpos\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBString\fP \fBstr\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBStream\fP & \fBoperator<<\fP (\fBStream\fP &, const \fBString\fP &)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 44 of file Stream.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Stream::Stream ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file Stream.h.
.SS "Stream::Stream (const \fBStream\fP & stream)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 52 of file Stream.h.
.SS "Stream::Stream (const \fBString\fP & string)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 53 of file Stream.h.
.SS "Stream::Stream (const int newSize)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file Stream.h.
.SS "virtual Stream::~Stream ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 55 of file Stream.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "size_t Stream::capacity () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 140 of file Stream.h.
.SS "void Stream::clear ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 73 of file Stream.h.
.SS "virtual \fBString\fP Stream::getline (size_t maxSize = \fC99999999\fP)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 90 of file Stream.h.
.SS "\fBString\fP Stream::gets (size_t maxSize, char delim = \fC0\fP)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file Stream.cpp.
.SS "size_t Stream::length () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 139 of file Stream.h.
.SS "int Stream::loadFile (const char * file)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 78 of file Stream.cpp.
.SS "int Stream::loadFile (const int fd)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 88 of file Stream.cpp.
.SS "Stream::operator \fBString\fP () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 138 of file Stream.h.
.SS "bool Stream::operator! () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 141 of file Stream.h.
.SS "virtual void Stream::puts (const \fBString\fP & string)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file Stream.h.
.SS "BDLIB_NS_BEGIN void Stream::Reserve (const size_t newSize) const"
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file Stream.cpp.
.SS "int Stream::seek (int offset, int whence)"
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file Stream.cpp.
.SS "size_t Stream::tell () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns the position of the \fBStream\fP. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Position of the \fBStream\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 63 of file Stream.h.
.SS "void Stream::truncate ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Truncates the stream at the current position. 
.PP
Definition at line 68 of file Stream.h.
.SS "int Stream::writeFile (const char * file, mode_t mode = \fC(S_IRUSR|S_IWUSR)\fP) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 127 of file Stream.cpp.
.SS "int Stream::writeFile (const int fd) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 137 of file Stream.cpp.
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBStream\fP& operator<< (\fBStream\fP & stream, const \fBString\fP & string)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 146 of file Stream.h.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool \fBStream::loading\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file Stream.h.
.SS "unsigned int \fBStream::pos\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file Stream.h.
.SS "\fBString\fP \fBStream::str\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file Stream.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for BDLIB from the source code.
