.TH "Thread" 3 "18 Dec 2009" "Version 1.0" "BDLIB" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Thread \- Extendable thread class.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Thread.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdetach\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBthreadId_t\fP \fBgetThreadId\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBstart\fP (void *=NULL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBstop\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBThread\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void * \fBwait\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Thread\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBthreadId_t\fP \fBgetCurrentThreadId\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBsleep\fP (int)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void * \fBrun\fP (void *)=0"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBthreadMainRet_t\fP \fBthreadMain\fP (void *)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Extendable thread class. 
.PP
Definition at line 58 of file Thread.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Thread::Thread (void)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 67 of file Thread.h.
.SS "virtual Thread::~Thread ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 68 of file Thread.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void Thread::detach (void)"
.PP
Definition at line 78 of file Thread.cpp.
.SS "\fBthreadId_t\fP Thread::getCurrentThreadId (void)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 124 of file Thread.cpp.
.SS "\fBthreadId_t\fP Thread::getThreadId (void)"
.PP
Definition at line 120 of file Thread.cpp.
.SS "virtual void* Thread::run (void *)\fC [protected, pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
.SS "void Thread::sleep (int delay)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 132 of file Thread.cpp.
.SS "int Thread::start (void * _param = \fCNULL\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file Thread.cpp.
.SS "void Thread::stop (void)"
.PP
Definition at line 107 of file Thread.cpp.
.SS "void * Thread::wait (void)"
.PP
Definition at line 91 of file Thread.cpp.
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBthreadMainRet_t\fP threadMain (void *)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file Thread.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for BDLIB from the source code.
